Read our privacy policy carefully
This Privacy Policy describes the company's privacy data policies and practices, which will cover how we collect, use, process, store and disclose personal information about you collected through our mobile App. Please read our privacy policy carefully.
How does our company collect your personal information?
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone. When you use our company's mobile App, we will collect your personal information, such as email address and telephone number, during the process of registering users. In order to protect personal privacy, you should not provide any information other than the company's special requirements. To protect personal privacy, you should not provide any information other than the company's special requirements. 2. How does the company use your personal information?
1. Send you the service information of our company's mobile App through your personal information. 2. Realize the function of password retrieving through your personal information.
3. Except for the reorganization, merger or sale of the Company, which may transfer all personal information collected by us to the relevant third party, the Company will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless prior permission is obtained from you, or the third party and the Company are acting alone or jointly. You provide a service, and after the service is over, it will be prohibited from accessing all of this information, including all that it has previously been able to access.
III. Personal Information Security
It is very important for us to ensure the security of your personal data. When you register and enter personal data in our company's mobile App, we will use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt these information. In the two stages of data transmission and data storage, we will protect the information you bring to us through widely accepted industry standards such as firewalls, encryption and data privacy legal requirements. However, no Internet transmission or electronic storage method is 100% secure. Therefore, although we can protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable way, we still can not guarantee the absolute security of information.
4. How long will the company keep personal information?
Generally speaking, the company will only retain your personal information until the required period of time for the purpose of the overview collection, while abiding by the data retention period prescribed by the applicable law.
5. Changes in the Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our website and where we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it. Our company reserves the right to amend this policy at any time, so please check it regularly. If any major changes are made to this policy, we will inform you by way of website notification.
6. Privacy issues
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or data processing, please contact us via the official website.
